EC2 auto-scaling is a service that monitors
your EC2 instances and automatically adjust by adding or removing
EC2 instances based on conditions you define in order to
maintain application availability and to provide peak performance to your users.
EC2 auto-scaling works with
AWS messaging services like the simple notification service or
SNS to alert you when EC2 auto-scaling is launching or terminating your EC2 instances.
You can configure the alert message to contain information about the
terminated or launched instance and the reason for termination or launch.
There's also an AWS auto-scaling service that is different than the EC2
auto-scaling that allows you to set up
other services such as Dynamo DB to automatically scale.